Richelle Direny: How are you
Crystal Gatwood: I'm good, how are you
Richelle Direny: Have you been since I'm
Crystal Gatwood: Working on things.
Crystal Gatwood: I'm
Crystal Gatwood: Just starting trying to dig myself about alert, you know,
Richelle Direny: With every been working on specifically
Crystal Gatwood: Well, I would say, getting rid of the people that
Crystal Gatwood: Don't help me.
Crystal Gatwood: I'm sorry, do you care if I know
Crystal Gatwood: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, I mean, that's a good place to start but like what's
Richelle Direny: Really cool.
Crystal Gatwood: Sorry, what was the situation, what
Richelle Direny: No, I said, specifically, who are those people use it. I said, that's a good place to start.
Crystal Gatwood: Yes. What
Richelle Direny: Were those people
Crystal Gatwood: The boyfriend. I was talking about.
Crystal Gatwood: He wouldn't leave. I think that's right. I remember me telling you that like I just want things to be simple and mutually go our own ways, but he wasn't having that and
Crystal Gatwood: So I had to. I had to call him the authorities, but I'm actually after our counseling. I'm going to go up a restraining order so that he can come back here.
Richelle Direny: Was he physically abusive.
Crystal Gatwood: No, he started a threat and but wasn't really, you know, not physically but emotionally is just as bad or worse to me.
Crystal Gatwood: And he doesn't help at all.
Richelle Direny: This is your, what is it you have a son, right, or daughter.
Richelle Direny: IT WAS YOUR SON'S FATHER.
Crystal Gatwood: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So how i mean it's it's I'm sure it's a long and hard road for you to get to that point.
Richelle Direny: For him to leave. So how was that for you.
Crystal Gatwood: I've been asking him to leave for about six months.
Crystal Gatwood: So,
Crystal Gatwood: It's been hard and it's really hard when we are you in front of my son. I absolutely hate it. I tell him I hate it. Just stop, drop it, you know, or, you know, if you have something to say like that text me. Don't say in front of you know
Crystal Gatwood: This is not necessary.
Crystal Gatwood: So actually it was like such a relief such a burden off of me when he left like I was smiling grow. I feel fantastic
Richelle Direny: That's good.
Crystal Gatwood: And
Richelle Direny: How long have you guys been together.
Crystal Gatwood: Nine years
Richelle Direny: That's a long time, though, yes.
Crystal Gatwood: And I dealt with a lot
Richelle Direny: And for the nine years. You guys were together. He wasn't really happening.
Crystal Gatwood: He wasn't one
Richelle Direny: He wasn't helping you during that time.
No.
Crystal Gatwood: No.
Richelle Direny: Why like
Crystal Gatwood: His mom passed away a few years ago. And after that.
Crystal Gatwood: Because when he changed to where like, like he used to work every day. I couldn't get him to take a day off and now it's like I can't get him to work for shit.
Crystal Gatwood: Is not helping me and now I'm supporting you to, you know, it's like, I can't do it.
Richelle Direny: So where is he now you don't know
Crystal Gatwood: And he's in jail right now.
Richelle Direny: So after you call the authorities. They took him to jail. No.
Richelle Direny: It was x series that he's the one was the one. Did he get up.
Crystal Gatwood: We'll see what happened was he wouldn't leave and I knew that he had a, like a little petty on so I called them.
Richelle Direny: So they picked him up from for the warm
Richelle Direny: So given that he knows that you did that. So given when he got
Up.
Crystal Gatwood: I actually like I live in our little town.
Crystal Gatwood: That has like a Facebook page and I know the police officers very well. I live like right beside police station. But, um, so I was messaging them on messenger
Crystal Gatwood: Like, hey, I can't call, but I need some help. This is what's going on, you know, when an officer gets on duty. Can you send him up here just grabbing them a warning. And that way, he doesn't think I called or, you know, I mean,
Crystal Gatwood: It worked out well without incident, so
Richelle Direny: My god, that's a really small town if you can message a police officer. Yes.
Crystal Gatwood: It is
Richelle Direny: A mighty small town.
Crystal Gatwood: blessed to be able to do that.
Richelle Direny: So how I mean, have you thought about, like, what's going to happen when you get to the start or when he gets released
Crystal Gatwood: That's what I'm going to go after my counseling with you. I'm going to go to the local sheriff department and put an order to where he cannot come close to me or my home.
Richelle Direny: But how are you going to work it out with him seeing your son.
Crystal Gatwood: Um, whenever he can get civil one up and get on his feet. That's fine. But until then, he doesn't need to
Richelle Direny: See her family.
Crystal Gatwood: Not really.
Crystal Gatwood: And I think that's why he wouldn't leave this because you know you have nowhere to go. Really, but that's not my responsibility anymore.
Crystal Gatwood: Now,
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it's a hard situation.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, it is really is.
Richelle Direny: And he doesn't know he can come back here, Wendy.
Crystal Gatwood: I think they will.
Crystal Gatwood: serve him in jail paper NGO
Richelle Direny: Pretty hard situation.
Crystal Gatwood: It is, but I mean, I feel so much better. You know, I'm not walking around in my house on eggshells anymore. And I got to worry about, you know,
Crystal Gatwood: supporting him anymore. Now I can focus on me and my son.
Crystal Gatwood: And getting on my feet.
Richelle Direny: Well, you said that you start. So he's the only person that you've kind of
Richelle Direny: Given
Richelle Direny: The exit the notice to making
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So right now, who is helping you.
Crystal Gatwood: With what
Richelle Direny: With your son things that you need to get help.
Richelle Direny: With anything.
Crystal Gatwood: I don't get a lot of help with anything really making these things on my own, but I always seem to figure out a way
Crystal Gatwood: I would seem to get it done.
Crystal Gatwood: I'm not saying struggle but
Crystal Gatwood: Get it done.
Richelle Direny: Get through it.
Richelle Direny: I know your parents or your parents, um, any help at all.
Richelle Direny: You're not really you don't have a good relationship with your
Richelle Direny: Mom, right.
Crystal Gatwood: No, no, um, but my dad we've kind of gotten closer over the years and he has no problem and helping me when I need it. If I'm not with Justin. So when I was adjusting he would not tell me
Richelle Direny: He didn't care for him.
Crystal Gatwood: Right.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so now he's a little bit more helpful.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and what about your sister.
Crystal Gatwood: My sister. I haven't really heard from her in a while.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: So kind of where are you at now like emotionally and mentally with everything with the internet being involved and just kind of everything is going on now.
Crystal Gatwood: I'm as of right now. I feel pretty good emotionally. I feel great. I know that I still have a lot to do.
Crystal Gatwood: To get on my feet, but to me it's just I gotta take one thing at a time, and I can't stress over the things that I have no control over this is not going to do me any good. So I put that
Crystal Gatwood: Stuff in God's hands. I was laying handle that. But I just I do what I can. And I try my best. But as of right now. I feel so much better.
Richelle Direny: Hey, listen, nothing beats a failure.
Richelle Direny: Was it nothing beats a tribe and a failure or something like that. But I mean, all you do is try your best. You think it one day at a time, one step at a time.
Richelle Direny: And like, do what you can. Don't stress the rest. If you can't do it why stress because you can't do
Crystal Gatwood: Right, it's me a long time to learn that
Crystal Gatwood: But
Crystal Gatwood: I'm working on the vehicle right now.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay, um, because you don't really go much places, right, or do you go you were
Crystal Gatwood: I I lost my job when I lost my car.
Crystal Gatwood: You know, yeah, so I'm working on a vehicle right now through a friend of mine, and he's gonna sell it to me, cheap like $200
Crystal Gatwood: But it needed a like the person that had it put aftermarket rooms on the vehicle and they didn't fit. So I bought like adapters are spaces is what their home for the wheels so that they fit.
Crystal Gatwood: And those parts come in tomorrow, so hopefully I can get them on one and we wrote up a contract and agreement to where you know I can use the vehicle, but he keeps the title until I get it paid off.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: I know
Crystal Gatwood: That'll give me the car now. You know what I mean.
Richelle Direny: And then you can start actively
Crystal Gatwood: Yes.
Richelle Direny: And you don't have. I mean, there's not jobs where you are. There's not really jobs where you can work from home.
Crystal Gatwood: I wish.
Crystal Gatwood: I wish that I'm probably about 20 miles away from
Crystal Gatwood: The good you know at least tango where I can at least arrive.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: I mean, it sounds like you know you're actively doing what you need to do in terms of getting yourself on your feet and your son is about five years old.
Richelle Direny: And he goes to school, he's in kindergarten are freaking
I can every
Richelle Direny: OK, OK. And so how does he get to school at the school bus fixing up and takes him to school.
Crystal Gatwood: Actually no, he's considered a walker because we live. I'm going to say fairly close to the school.
Crystal Gatwood: And I even called the bus garage. A couple weeks ago and said, you know,
Crystal Gatwood: I don't have a car right now. Is there any way of us because three buses pass us on our way to school.
Crystal Gatwood: And I said, Is there any way. One of them lessons can stop and pick up my boy, you know, just for a short period of time until I get a car because it's starting to get really cold in the mornings and they said they couldn't. It couldn't do it.
Crystal Gatwood: I was like,
Richelle Direny: walking to school.
Yes.
Crystal Gatwood: And Nicole and Nicole rain. Oh.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Is it because you're not. I know here in Florida. It's, you have to be like you have to live like two miles away from the school.
Crystal Gatwood: That's what it is. Two miles.
Richelle Direny: And because you're inside of the two miles, he has to
Crystal Gatwood: Work. Yes.
Well,
Crystal Gatwood: They expect him to walk.
Crystal Gatwood: I'm like, first of all, my son would never make it to school. If I let them walk to school, you know,
Crystal Gatwood: That's just ridiculous to me.
Richelle Direny: But when his dad was there, his dad would come up and drop them off.
Crystal Gatwood: No, I did it.
Crystal Gatwood: He slept a lot
Crystal Gatwood: And I couldn't stand it. Sometimes I was just like kicking him away like get up, do some
Richelle Direny: So what is
Richelle Direny: What are you so in that time. Look what were you doing to help you to because just in that situation. It's a great recipe to be pressed
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah I did get depressed. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So what words. One thing that he
Crystal Gatwood: And I started seeing doctor lives like I live right in town. So it's, I can walk there and
Crystal Gatwood: I actually like him. He's a great doctor and I've been on medication for years for bipolar depression, you know, and he actually did a what's called a gene site test and he used my DNA actually like nice while my cheap and sent it in and you get results back that gives you the best
Crystal Gatwood: Options of those type of medications that will work best with my DNA.
Richelle Direny: It was
Crystal Gatwood: Like really, it was so cool. I've never seen it before, so he put me on like the very first one and I love it. It those medicines usually take two, three weeks just to even begin to see a difference. I felt the difference, the same day.
Crystal Gatwood: What
Richelle Direny: I'm what medication you put you on
Crystal Gatwood: It's called pristiq
Richelle Direny: Gotcha.
For them.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah for depression. And then I also take a pillow fly at night and both of them together.
Crystal Gatwood: Help with my like mood stabilization. My bipolar and stuff. But, um, and then he's winning me off the Xanax, which has been really, really hard so hard.
Richelle Direny: You have anxiety.
Bad
Crystal Gatwood: And things like that. And with my PTSD and just just general anxiety. I mean,
Richelle Direny: So you were diagnosed with generalized anxiety.
Crystal Gatwood: Oh yeah, long time ago. And then with my Bipolar I was diagnosed bipolar and generalized anxiety at the same time. Oh, yeah. Years later, the PTSD got added on.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: Like what, when is the most. Have you ever had an anxiety attack.
Crystal Gatwood: Oh yeah, funny.
Crystal Gatwood: Funny. Yeah. And like without was him weaning me down and they're starting to come back more
Crystal Gatwood: So,
Crystal Gatwood: I've been buying journals writing, same as that would help.
Crystal Gatwood: I bought books about anxiety and things you can do to cope without medication and reading those
Richelle Direny: I mean exactly medication will just come down the effects of it, but you have to identify the source off. What's causing time
Crystal Gatwood: Right, I read
Richelle Direny: But what what do you think the source is
Crystal Gatwood: I mean, it can be anything that sets me off really it's just
Crystal Gatwood: I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: Are you will worry ward like you were you
Were
Crystal Gatwood: Very much so.
Crystal Gatwood: And like
Crystal Gatwood: I can't do a lot of people or closed in or
Crystal Gatwood: Just and then my PTSD. Like sometimes if I do see somebody that resembles that person sets me all smells set me off.
Crystal Gatwood: What is your you're
Wrong.
Crystal Gatwood: I'm sorry. Your trauma because me
Richelle Direny: Like you're you're you're related to whatever the trauma, it's
Crystal Gatwood: Some of it is, yes, it's from my childhood I was sexually molested by my step dad for like four years.
Richelle Direny: For four years. So the now. Prior to that, did you have
Richelle Direny: Were you did you suffer with any kind of anxiety.
Crystal Gatwood: I was so little. I didn't really know
Crystal Gatwood: On I started when I was like three on this for cause like seven
Richelle Direny: Okay. And is he still in your life.
Crystal Gatwood: No, my mom separated from him when I was eight.
I've never
Richelle Direny: Put in the time that it was occurring. She wasn't aware of it.
Crystal Gatwood: No, honestly, I don't know, she's aware of it now.
Richelle Direny: So you're saying
Richelle Direny: And you live in a small town, he said. Right. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Did he ever get arrested. Do you ever go to jail.
Crystal Gatwood: I don't know.
Crystal Gatwood: Like I said, I don't
Crystal Gatwood: I've never seen him again after that and
Crystal Gatwood: I don't even want to
Crystal Gatwood: Try to look him up or anything like I don't know what I would do if I seen him again.
Do you have
Richelle Direny: Some of your anxiety because of the fact that you don't know where he is, you don't really know me. So, kind of in your mind and in your world. He somewhat like fell off the face of the earth.
Crystal Gatwood: Yes, so
Richelle Direny: Is some of the anxiety as to why
Richelle Direny: You so much stay isolated.
Richelle Direny: From the worst of the worst is fear of running into him, or seeing him or him repairing
Crystal Gatwood: I mean, I would say a small fraction me but
Crystal Gatwood: I feel like I haven't seen him in this long. What's the odds of me running into them now, but
Crystal Gatwood: Um, it all started like my PTSD KICK THEM BECAUSE I DID I you know I put it back in my mind. I forgot about it all those years I'm 27 years and my flashbacks and everything started actually on my daughter's third birthday. That night I had like a night care.
Crystal Gatwood: And I started having flashbacks again and like
Crystal Gatwood: And I started going to the psychiatry, because I didn't know what the hell is going on, you know, I didn't know
Richelle Direny: When your daughter was three. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And when you started getting on. When did he start
Crystal Gatwood: When I was three.
Crystal Gatwood: As my counselor said that that was very common to
Crystal Gatwood: set me off. You know, like
Crystal Gatwood: My mind just brought everything back because my daughter is a just a reflection of me. She looks just like me.
Crystal Gatwood: And I know this is
Crystal Gatwood: Probably sounds
Crystal Gatwood: Wrong to say but I mean
Crystal Gatwood: I'm sorry.
Crystal Gatwood: Even looking at my daughter can send me
Crystal Gatwood: Just looking at her sometime just triggers me
Crystal Gatwood: Because she looks so much like me and I remember how I felt.
Crystal Gatwood: I don't know.
Richelle Direny: How old is your daughter now.
Crystal Gatwood: She's she'll be 12 ma
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: So for something that you suppressed happen over 20 years ago.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: All you did want to like put it down.
Richelle Direny: back a few months.
Crystal Gatwood: But then you had a baby.
Crystal Gatwood: Girl Yeah, baby girl looks just like you. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Baby girl turn three
Richelle Direny: Yeah. What you suppress woke up.
Richelle Direny: And so in meeting with that therapist, did you work through just kind of like the stages was the trauma and the grief and all of that.
Richelle Direny: After she turned three and we're having those nightmares and those flashbacks of what happened.
Crystal Gatwood: Well, the counselor. I was seeing at that time, like just was too pushy for me. And, you know, was like my first visit
Crystal Gatwood: I remember leaving. And she said, I'm on our next visitation. Be prepared to give me details.
Crystal Gatwood: And I said, I'm not doing that right now.
Crystal Gatwood: So I never went back to the account.
Crystal Gatwood: It took me probably about
Crystal Gatwood: Five, seven years to find a good counselor.
Richelle Direny: And when
Crystal Gatwood: When my my drug abuse started
Crystal Gatwood: You know,
Richelle Direny: Because then you were forced to it wasn't. I shouldn't use the word force but you kind of came head to head to deal with the past. Yeah, and
Richelle Direny: In order to
Richelle Direny: It meant
Richelle Direny: This associating
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And did you feel that the drug, the introduction of the drug use helps me helps you with this associating from reality.
Crystal Gatwood: Yes, I'm numbed it
Crystal Gatwood: So it makes sense.
Richelle Direny: That's exactly what that means.
Richelle Direny: Kind of like an out of body experience. I don't want to feel it. I don't want to
Richelle Direny: And so happy. The third at the counselor, then how did they help you to processing.
Crystal Gatwood: When I finally found a good counselor and
Crystal Gatwood: Like she put me and also did like anger management classes because I had a lot of anger, but it was valid, you know,
Crystal Gatwood: So that helped do and she wasn't pushy. She didn't ask for anything she let me tell her.
Crystal Gatwood: You know,
Crystal Gatwood: She
Crystal Gatwood: I don't know. She just have certain ways to get things out of me. That was not the slightest pushy or rushing or
Crystal Gatwood: She's a very, very good counselor.
Richelle Direny: And
Crystal Gatwood: Tell me, where are ways to cope like she's the one who told me like to write, you know, write him a letter telling him how much he is
Crystal Gatwood: You know how much you hate him way did you will. So I wrote this letter and everything. I take it to work. And she says, Now I want you to go home. I want you to burn it.
Crystal Gatwood: And I did it just just watching it burn just made me feel better. I don't know. But it did help
Crystal Gatwood: Just things like that she has helped me cope with me.
Richelle Direny: She allowed you writing it down. It allowed it to for you to take it from out of your mind. I will have to take it out.
Richelle Direny: Mary
Crystal Gatwood: I used to read a lot. And I'm starting to pick it up again. But it did help
Richelle Direny: Was
Richelle Direny: Have you ever
Richelle Direny: Process any of how it felt with your daughter.
Richelle Direny: And how
Crystal Gatwood: That's what I needed to do. I think
Crystal Gatwood: Because even like some of my night terrors weren't about me like one. I kept having repeated was
Crystal Gatwood: A dream where I could see myself sleeping.
Crystal Gatwood: And waking up because I heard my daughter giggling in the middle of night.
Crystal Gatwood: So in my dream. I get up and I'm walking down the hallway and I'm like, baby. What are you doing you know it's it's two o'clock in the morning and I turn a corner to her bedroom and he's there with her sitting on the floor plane and he just looks at me and smiled and I wake up screen.
Richelle Direny: Now,
The question is,
Richelle Direny: How much of when you wrote that letter in Burton, how much of it did you, I mean it's not uncommon for you will have memories of the past and the things that was traumatic and traumatizing and bringing back to that moment of everything that went on.
With it.
Richelle Direny: But how much
Richelle Direny: Did you
Richelle Direny: When you think about okay you wrote the letter you went over it with your counselor and you burn it. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Did you feel like you released everything or there were parts of
Richelle Direny: Events in the memories and everything that you held on to
Crystal Gatwood: I mean, I tried to get everything else on that piece of paper. But, I mean, there's still some things that come to me.
Crystal Gatwood: That new it new every day. You know what I mean, like,
Crystal Gatwood: I'm might remember something that I didn't remember by seeing or smelling something
Crystal Gatwood: And suck. Well, there's no cure for trauma.
Richelle Direny: If there's no cure for trauma. Yes. Um, because it's a mess. It's thing. Their, their memories of what you went through.
Richelle Direny: You said there is
Richelle Direny: You will smell someone or someone will resemble
Richelle Direny: That you know just became this monster in your life.
Now,
Richelle Direny: I'm still felt unprotected as this, you know, while you were going through it. You were unprotected you felt like no one is there. So then you tend to somewhat overcompensate for your daughter in wanting to be there and protect her from all that you went through.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Does she live with you.
Crystal Gatwood: When I moved here to this little place.
Crystal Gatwood: There just wasn't really enough room so she decided to stay with her dad and what he's a great dad, I trust him fully I know she's care for. I know she's protected.
Crystal Gatwood: And I didn't want to yank her out of school and switch schools because when I was young, you know, I moved around a lot, a lot, a lot. I just, I didn't want to. And she didn't want to
Crystal Gatwood: So to me, I felt it was okay.
Crystal Gatwood: And my weekends. Were you know breaks from school.
Crystal Gatwood: Things like that.
Richelle Direny: Now in some of it.
Did you
Richelle Direny: Ever for ever forgive
Richelle Direny: Him or your mom for anything.
Crystal Gatwood: I never blamed my mom, not once I felt because how I happened like he
Crystal Gatwood: manipulated me to where you know I thought that's what I was supposed to do to be a good girl, or you know that's what my mom needed me to do while she was at work. You know, I know that sounds so done. But
Crystal Gatwood: I was young, I was three.
Richelle Direny: Years three
Richelle Direny: You're going to convince yourself of any and then you don't know better.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, so I never resented my mom for it. No.
Crystal Gatwood: But as for forgiving him. I just can't.
Crystal Gatwood: Like my counselor said, you know, the
Crystal Gatwood: There are some things, even though that happened to me. There are some positive things and positive traits that makes me who I am today. You know, like the fact that i don't i don't give up. I'm determined I'm independent and what I have these traits and that didn't happen to me.
Crystal Gatwood: You know,
Crystal Gatwood: So I can't say I mean I think
Crystal Gatwood: Going through that I learned a lot, but it's made me who I am today.
Richelle Direny: It has and forgiving him is not for him. It's for you.
Crystal Gatwood: Right, I know I've heard that, but
Really
Richelle Direny: It's because it, you know, not to say and this is not always the case.
Richelle Direny: Not to say
Richelle Direny: This is the case for everyone that has gone through some degree trauma or
Richelle Direny: Abuse or whatever their abuse is that they went through.
The whole
Richelle Direny: Thing is
Richelle Direny: Fair for you to go have gone through what you've gone through by no means is it was it right for you to experience what you did.
Richelle Direny: But we all
Richelle Direny: Each and every person has gone through something something others.
Crystal Gatwood: Right. We all have a story.
Richelle Direny: We all have a story and your story can either
Richelle Direny: Make you build you up to be a strong person or we can break you or that circumstance and situation can control and govern your life to the point where it cripples you because you're holding on to the hurt and the pain and everything.
Crystal Gatwood: But forgive
Richelle Direny: Part of it is you're forgiving that person for whatever it is that they did to you and you are not allowing what they did you hurt you and to continue at least hurt you or to continue to keep you down.
Crystal Gatwood: Right, like he
Crystal Gatwood: Still has control over me or something. Exactly.
Richelle Direny: Exactly. And you're not allowing that individual to continue to have over your emotions, your money.
Richelle Direny: Not having
Richelle Direny: Not allowing that because it's a piece of that situation that a whole some degree of emotional and mental clue froze so forgiving. It's kind of like when you hold on lack of forgiveness, sometimes can be
suffocate.
Crystal Gatwood: Almost like you can't grieve.
Richelle Direny: But when you release that person to their own
Richelle Direny: Cognition you release them to
Crystal Gatwood: Themselves, you're
Richelle Direny: eating them from having that degree of control over you, it doesn't
Richelle Direny: Take away the memories. It doesn't take away the trauma. It doesn't remove any of that. You're just no longer allowing that person to have any control over you for your life and how you think and how you feel you understand. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And I think once you work through that and you learn that piece of it, I think.
Richelle Direny: It gives you the ability to start working fully authentically on you to be able to be there for your daughter wholeheartedly.
Richelle Direny: The way you need to be there for her without looking at your mirror image and having flashbacks of your past because when you. It's almost like when you're looking at her.
Crystal Gatwood: What can you
Crystal Gatwood: Know,
Crystal Gatwood: Hey,
Crystal Gatwood: This is my counselor, but he
Richelle Direny: Was making my mom.
Crystal Gatwood: Okay, we will talk about that just the middle. Okay, okay. I love you.
Crystal Gatwood: I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: How's your sexy was
Crystal Gatwood: Inspired aside.
Richelle Direny: My four year old probably have done the same thing.
Richelle Direny: For making you cry but
Richelle Direny: That it was too cute. That was classic just now.
Richelle Direny: So, um, it's just, it's just overall it's not when you look at your daughter. Maybe there's a part of you that in your mind you, someone
Crystal Gatwood: Creates like it takes me back to when I was, I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Exactly. It's almost like you're in your eyes, you're envisioning
Richelle Direny: If you were him looking at her. What did you see it's like you're creating this whole
Richelle Direny: Scenario situation of I'm looking at meet my young self and this is him looking at my young self. What is it that he is seeing what why is it that he's hurting
Richelle Direny: This young me and it's slowly but surely without realizing it, we create these things in our mind and it ends up taking full control of us and we don't even know it. And we're trying to understand why is this why am I doing this myself.
Crystal Gatwood: Crazy like my mind is my own enemy like
Crystal Gatwood: It's crazy.
Richelle Direny: You know what, you're all of our minds are can be our own enemy, but we have to identify that
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: We've all had
Richelle Direny: That scary faces to say he's scaring
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, I put on a mask.
Richelle Direny: That's your little protector. Okay.
Crystal Gatwood: That's what he wants.
Richelle Direny: In return, you are your little protector. Um, it's so it's it's thinking of like when we got when we start going into like that tunnel that deep tunnel of depression, it's because of our thoughts.
Richelle Direny: And when we start having these thoughts. We're slowly taking control of those or owning those negative emotions.
Richelle Direny: Those emotions, that's going to keep us putting deeper. So then you start having these negative thoughts and these negative thoughts bring forth or bring about these emotions and those emotions become so overwhelming to the point where we've lost our, our control.
Richelle Direny: Right and so come to these negative emotions. That's taking full control before you know if you get into the slum of
Richelle Direny: I don't want to be around. Anybody. I don't want to talk to anybody. I don't even want to be around myself and then you just you just want to stay in bed because what these thoughts in these emotions have totally captivated us and we can't pull ourselves from it well.
Crystal Gatwood: That's how I was when I first started getting the flashbacks and stuff.
Crystal Gatwood: And like it's, I don't know. It's hard for me even good for me to even go to a crowded grocery store.
Richelle Direny: What it, what is, what is it about the crowded grocery store that brings on the inside.
Crystal Gatwood: I'm not sure.
Crystal Gatwood: Like, I will literally I went to Walmart at midnight, because there was hardly any writer literature, some
Crystal Gatwood: Um, if I walk in and it's too busy. I will walk right back out.
Crystal Gatwood: I'm not sure what it is.
Richelle Direny: Is there anything from your past that, you know, being a part of crowds that was a little bit scary or that created
Crystal Gatwood: And not that I know of.
Crystal Gatwood: I mean,
Crystal Gatwood: I don't like going to bears or carnivals, or because of the crowd.
Crystal Gatwood: This is something I've always
Crystal Gatwood: Not like seeing all the different faces are they start to blur and then I have an anxiety attack.
Richelle Direny: Did you use to go to these things when you were younger.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Did you use the going
Crystal Gatwood: Like
Crystal Gatwood: My mommy's it won't
Crystal Gatwood: Allow me to take us as our dad used to take us to like kings Island, things like that. When he got us you know to do something fun with us. And when I was younger, I could do it. But as I got older, it's like
Crystal Gatwood: I mean, maybe it's the fear of running into him. I don't know.
Crystal Gatwood: What
Richelle Direny: I'm going to ask you a hypothetical
Richelle Direny: If he was arrested and was incarcerated and you knew exactly where he was
You think your fears will still be the same.
Crystal Gatwood: If I knew that he was incarcerated.
Richelle Direny: Redo new. This is where he what he is, I know he's incarcerated. I know you've been punished. Do you think there's a part of you.
Crystal Gatwood: I think I would still do that. I think I would still wait for the grocery store to be empty.
Crystal Gatwood: I don't know, maybe that's a whole nother thing of my anxiety that I just don't like crowds.
Richelle Direny: When you're identifying the crowd always been like born
Crystal Gatwood: I'm pretty much yeah like I remember being younger and my mom, going to the store, but I would sit in the car. It was too busy.
Crystal Gatwood: With school shopping was hard.
Crystal Gatwood: Because there was always a lot of people getting ready for school. You know, trying to get all their things together and it was always crowded.
Richelle Direny: Do you think that being a part of a crowd and being around people, they look at you a certain way and they kind of
Richelle Direny: Maybe have an inkling of They Know what happens to you. And so for you. You feel like you're being judged and you're being ridiculed and that's why you don't like crowds.
Crystal Gatwood: I mean, I've never felt that way on the person that only fuck what you think. Let me
A
Crystal Gatwood: Mirror.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Crystal Gatwood: Oh,
Crystal Gatwood: Okay.
Crystal Gatwood: I'm almost done. Okay, hurt. It's red.
Crystal Gatwood: It's okay.
Crystal Gatwood: I'm sorry, didn't have school today presidents day
Richelle Direny: Oh lot schools, though.
Richelle Direny: Are you doing well. Not all schools are upset.
Richelle Direny: Oh really, yeah.
Richelle Direny: So, um, but, yeah. So you see how you just said that you're the type of person. We really don't care what people think.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: What about that degree of
Richelle Direny: Strength and and like how you just say, Look, I really don't care what you think, or what you're going to say. So why can't you take you back and I'm trying, you
Crystal Gatwood: Know,
Richelle Direny: I'm out and about and i want i
Crystal Gatwood: Want right, you would think I would being that type of person you know but i don't i don't know
Crystal Gatwood: I have not figured out why. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Maybe one day when you are when you're putting the place. So how is it, how do you handle like if your son has an event at school.
Richelle Direny: Do you go to those events.
Crystal Gatwood: Um, yeah, they have a thing called family night.
Crystal Gatwood: And it's with his after school program. So there's not there's only certain amount of people there and it's usually either outside or in a big gymnasium.
Crystal Gatwood: You know, and so it's not too bad for me. But there has been one time where I started to get my chest starts to tighten up and I went outside and just got the fresh air, and then it went back in, but
Crystal Gatwood: So far, I haven't had a problem with that.
Crystal Gatwood: And we're small town. So our, you know, our school system and stuff like that ain't very big
Richelle Direny: Very big.
Right.
Richelle Direny: I mean, I guess, through. Only time can tell where you'll be able to find and identify what specifically are, what can you associate with when when you go in a crowd.
Richelle Direny: What is it that you're looking at seeing smelling feeling hearing just kind of utilize your senses. What does it, touch, smell, seeing, hearing, all of that.
Richelle Direny: Identify the five senses and if you're feeling anxiety coming on trying to identify which one of the seven senses came heightened that brought on this degree of anxiety.
Richelle Direny: And what can you pinpoint it to
Richelle Direny: Because
Richelle Direny: You know you, only you can tell what that could be what that can be associated with, is it some direct relation to our formulations your past trauma.
Richelle Direny: That's why all of this is occurring because like you said you were three when all of this happened. So prior to two, three years old.
Richelle Direny: There was not a whole lot of things that you can remember. And there's a whole lot of things. Well, you know, I remember this. And I remember life was really happy until where you associate but then you're saying that the trauma happened from three to seven but
Richelle Direny: You kind of laid it to you buried it in the in your subconscious for over 20 something years until you had your child. And when you had your child, it kind of brought up everything. And because your child looks so much like you know
Richelle Direny: What, what you're saying is that
Richelle Direny: Or at least what I'm hearing you say is that had your trial not look good. Not beer a mirror reflection of yourself.
Richelle Direny: The impact wouldn't have been so great.
Crystal Gatwood: I don't think so. Probably not.
Richelle Direny: The other thing is like
Crystal Gatwood: What do you know
Crystal Gatwood: When my, I don't have any problem like that with my son. You know, I don't know if it's because it's he's a male
Crystal Gatwood: You know what I mean. But it's just my daughter loves so much like me.
Crystal Gatwood: Even through baby pictures you know just growing up just literally our reflection.
Richelle Direny: Back. There's a part of you.
Richelle Direny: That
Richelle Direny: You look at your daughter through his lens.
Crystal Gatwood: There's a piece
Richelle Direny: Of that that you're still carry with you, which is the part where it says forgiving him his release.
Crystal Gatwood: Right. He is
Richelle Direny: Not it's not for him. It's for you. It's so that you can stop looking at the world through his lens.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: And sometimes, and sometimes what makes it
Richelle Direny: I don't want to say it makes it Europe, but it doesn't
Richelle Direny: Oftentimes you you often have you ever heard of like generational things
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Kind of like what happened to you.
Richelle Direny: You end up doing the same thing to someone else, even though that you would never hurt someone that way but you end up doing it and it be
Richelle Direny: Some sense of power and control. That's what a computer in your mind. It's essential power and control and then carries on. So, you know, it could be
Richelle Direny: That maybe that's something similar happened to him. And so this is what how he transpired. This is what he ended up doing.
Crystal Gatwood: Right, like I've read that I'm children that are, you know,
Crystal Gatwood: sexually molested or things like that tend to actually grow up and do the same thing.
Richelle Direny: Yes, yes, and
Crystal Gatwood: I think how low you know how you felt
Crystal Gatwood: You know,
Richelle Direny: It's about the control. It's about because it's a sense of power and control. I now have power. It's a false sense of power and control.
Or
Richelle Direny: False sense but that's where you are you the one who says the
Richelle Direny: Our mind can be our own enemy. Well, and that's it's really truly a false sense of really truly a false sense of power control you think that you have power and control over this person because you're still hurting on the inside. You all of these unresolved emotions.
Crystal Gatwood: So,
Richelle Direny: I said you are looking at the world through his lunch justify your own feelings and what
Richelle Direny: Went On With you, you're trying to justify you're trying to rationalize it
Crystal Gatwood: And don't
Richelle Direny: Give you this false sense of a way to justify and rationalize it so it all gets computed to
Richelle Direny: I have control and power over you. And so you feel
Richelle Direny: somewhat satisfied, but it's a false sense of satisfaction.
Richelle Direny: Satisfied, you think, Okay, you know what I have control. But you really don't
Crystal Gatwood: Have a
Richelle Direny: sense of satisfaction is a sauce a false sense of our control. It isn't
Richelle Direny: It is just
Crystal Gatwood: When I read that, I was like, there's no way like I could never do that too.
Crystal Gatwood: That's crazy to me.
Crystal Gatwood: But, you know, like now in comparison to like my personal relationship like with my spouse or any other you know relationship that I've had. And
Crystal Gatwood: You know, I'm the type of person that if you think your girl control me you got nothing coming
Richelle Direny: We'll see. But you're a grown person.
Richelle Direny: And abuser doesn't abuse.
Richelle Direny: A person who was abused doesn't someone there saying, eight and go abuse them because guess what I can't control you.
Know,
Richelle Direny: You're gonna be like you, you will not want that to me, that's what. But guess what I
Richelle Direny: What you're going to go to an innocent person was so much weaker.
Crystal Gatwood: Oh my God, yeah.
Richelle Direny: You understand they're going to go to something so much weaker.
Crystal Gatwood: But I don't understand it. Just a dime. Like it's crazy.
Richelle Direny: And that the party you understand it, but you don't understand it because with your the wisdom and the understanding that you have right now, you're, you're kind of fighting was. Well, that makes no sense.
Crystal Gatwood: But it is. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It is what it is. It's, it's a false sense of power and control.
Richelle Direny: Now you know what I feel like now I understand because listen, the reality of it is
Richelle Direny: We don't really listen to each other. We don't really, if I'm telling you to do this or I'm saying to do that. Or I'm trying to guide you and you're giving you all this resistance.
Richelle Direny: Now, that's all sense of power and control now overtakes me and now this is how I'm going to show you that I'm in control. I'm going to take dominion over and I'm going to tell you what to and you're going to listen to what I'm saying to you understand
Richelle Direny: When oftentimes you'll hear that person say maybe that's how that person felt when they did it with me. So now I'm going to do it with you. It's all a work week and thinking
Crystal Gatwood: Is like might you my parenting isn't even like that.
Crystal Gatwood: I'll try to fix it when I'm done I have like maybe 10 minutes okay but I can try.
Crystal Gatwood: I'll try. Okay, I have 10 minutes left. Yeah, I'll try to glue it. All right, thank you. So, like, even with my parenting skills like you know i'm not
Crystal Gatwood: overbearing or, you know, because I know I have control of my kids. It's not like I'm not even like that, you know, I set my kids down and I explain and just like a tone of voice, just like this. I don't raise my voice. I hate that shit but
Crystal Gatwood: I just don't understand i is a twisted work were thinking and I'm so glad I don't think like that.
Richelle Direny: It is a sick, twisted way of thinking that it's the same time.
Richelle Direny: Oftentimes, what I've seen is a lot of times, the people who
Richelle Direny: Like I said, you and I both can both experienced the same exact things
Right.
Richelle Direny: But we're two completely different individuals.
Richelle Direny: We, we have different personalities I my personality is one that just kind of held on to I refuse to talk to me. I refuse to release it. I refuse to process it. So then it's what's
Richelle Direny: In my mind to do is just make keep going over and over and over. And then I start creating all kinds of thoughts and whatever.
Richelle Direny: Now, the situation has governed my life you on the other end went through the same exact thing. But then you come to realize like, I don't want this to continue to control me so I'm going to at least make an attempt to go through the process, the healing process, learn how
Richelle Direny: And in doing so, I'm not going to
Richelle Direny: allow myself to repeat the cycle. So if you decide I'm going to stop the line.
Crystal Gatwood: I'm more like very, very, I wouldn't say strict with my daughter, but um
Crystal Gatwood: You know, so like dresses. She loves dresses, but they have to be a certain length. And if they are, then she has to wear a pair of shorts underneath them and that type of overbearing and
Crystal Gatwood: Will be the first time she had a male teacher
Crystal Gatwood: I flipped out like I did a background check owning I call the school.
Crystal Gatwood: I did I call the school and I was like, you know, I need to meet him, because I might want her to switch to a female teacher and I met him and
Crystal Gatwood: He seemed like a very nice person. Nothing came up with a background check, by the way. Um, and, you know, I always tell my daughter that the secrets are dangerous.
Crystal Gatwood: Secrets are dangerous and favor ability may not be something that she thinks it is, you know, and
Crystal Gatwood: Like she come home from school was like, you know, I got a piece of bubble gum today because I was good. I was like, did was it just you, or did everybody get his logo. You know, like it. I'm very worried type, you know, and
Richelle Direny: Just like the therapy.
Richelle Direny: Wall because of what you went through. You see life through a different lens.
Richelle Direny: Was battling with what you went through. But you see life through a different lens and you don't look at everything as, in a sense.
Crystal Gatwood: Well, as you know,
Richelle Direny: So, but then remember the same way because of what you went through with a male you somewhat look at all males, the same way.
Richelle Direny: If it was a female who did it to you, you would look at females through a different lens. But we, the reality of life is because of what you went through. You kind of have to open it up.
Richelle Direny: Everyone because anybody can violate you anyone can do what they do. It's all about like you're teaching your daughter to be minus, like you said, Don't keep secrets.
Richelle Direny: Be open
Richelle Direny: And but what you because of what you went through. You're empowered in a different way than someone who never went through what you went through. You see life in a different way. It gives you a different type of strength now.
Crystal Gatwood: What you know what happened to me or anything. You know, I've never told her that yet but you know she knows that.
Crystal Gatwood: You know, people aren't always what you look what you seen you know and and there's people out there that like little girls and they will take them you know and and so I've always been overbearing and that type of way.
Crystal Gatwood: And it's not that
Richelle Direny: No.
Richelle Direny: No, it is not a bad thing because it's not just about again you see the world just because of what you went through, but the reality of it is like you said.
Richelle Direny: What you're saying is true. Everyone is not as they present
Richelle Direny: Themselves everyone cannot be trusted. The way you want to trust them.
Richelle Direny: Know the same concept that you have for your daughter. You can apply it to your son as well because you know what both of like can do put harm to both sexes, doesn't matter. But for you. It's unique to you and how you look at it, it's because of what you went through.
Richelle Direny: Maybe at some point in life or at some point when you feel comfortable and you think that she can handle it. Maybe it's having a session where you you share that with her. You haven't
Crystal Gatwood: Seen some point I will
Richelle Direny: Yes. At some point you have that conversation with her, so she can understand
Crystal Gatwood: Where you're
Richelle Direny: Coming from because the greatest life lesson is to teach from where you came from. And the reason it's kind of like
Richelle Direny: I always say, I don't you know sometimes like when I get real passionate about something I said I'm not saying it because I'm giving you an opinion. I'm seeing it because I know exactly what I'm talking about experience. I'm, what I'm saying, and
Crystal Gatwood: Trying to protect so you
Richelle Direny: Don't have to go through that what
Richelle Direny: You're not to trust anyone. I'm just saying, be mindful of how you do that.
Richelle Direny: Um, but, uh, you know, it sounds like you've come a long way. I think, you know,
Richelle Direny: I would say like with the insight, you said that you're not seeing a psychiatrist now right
Crystal Gatwood: No.
Richelle Direny: So maybe seeing a psychiatry like for antidepressants like
Richelle Direny: To take meds for antidepressants will definitely be helpful. I think when it's all said and done when it's medication. I will never tell someone not to do medication, but what I will say this is this
Richelle Direny: doesn't resolve your problem, it just
Richelle Direny: Allows you to be a little bit more emotionally level. So you can process and work through those issues.
Crystal Gatwood: The Council that helps me really
Crystal Gatwood: Just like the Boston. You know, so often in oil mean either the counseling that does the most
Richelle Direny: That it's the counseling that does the most and it's
Richelle Direny: Bringing your authentic truth to it to process.
All
Richelle Direny: To share it, say the reason why you're struggling to share it. If you feel like it's being you're being pushed or it's putting you in emotional distress verbalizing that
Crystal Gatwood: Uh huh.
Crystal Gatwood: Because just like when you go to a
Richelle Direny: Doctor, and you say, Hey Doc, I feel sick. But then he's like, Okay. Well, give me a little bit more information like Dr. Ain't no God. He can't just
Richelle Direny: tell you what's wrong with you, you got to give them a little something.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: The same way in counseling. I truly believe
Richelle Direny: You are your own counselor, the
Crystal Gatwood: Counselor is only
Richelle Direny: there to hear it and repeat it back to you and to guide you through it. But we are our own counselors, because when you
Richelle Direny: When you, when you say it.
You're possible
Crystal Gatwood: Right.
Crystal Gatwood: And yeah, that makes them.
Richelle Direny: You are ready.
Richelle Direny: You're taking it out. You're hearing it back, you're processing and you're like, oh wait, hold on, I think I just figured that once
Richelle Direny: You understand
Richelle Direny: Wall counters only there to kind of guide you and to help you restructure your give you, or give you a different perspective of how to look at it.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Well,
Richelle Direny: Let's see how when when we met last time. How often did we say we're going
Crystal Gatwood: I think it was a first weekly because I have so much going on.
Crystal Gatwood: Now,
Richelle Direny: What days are best for you.
Crystal Gatwood: Like
Crystal Gatwood: Mainly, like when he's at school. So like, Monday through Friday from I'd say 930 ish to about three. Can I do like somewhere in between there.
Richelle Direny: And let's see.
Richelle Direny: Do you do you do groups on when Thursday's
Crystal Gatwood: Yes. Yep. Thursdays at one
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: So let's you
Richelle Direny: Can we do this.
Richelle Direny: We can't, we can't do 30 days because of your group.
Richelle Direny: Let's do
Richelle Direny: Let's try Tuesday.
Richelle Direny: Well, will that be good.
Richelle Direny: Yes, that's the 25th. Right.
Crystal Gatwood: Yes. Okay, so
Richelle Direny: 12
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right then, so we'll see. I'll see you next Tuesday, and I'll see you on Thursday.
Crystal Gatwood: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Alright, man. Have a good one.
Crystal Gatwood: You too. Bye bye.
Christine Campbell: Hello. Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Well, I'm okay. I'm going to answer my own question.
Richelle Direny: YES. YOU GOT MY MESSAGE. Because you showed
Up at two.
Christine Campbell: Right.
Richelle Direny: But the other thing.
Is
Richelle Direny: There was something else.
Christine Campbell: I know you said that you hadn't your work schedule.
Richelle Direny: How is working been going so far.
Christine Campbell: All right. Did you sent me on a couple hours, though. So I'm only doing like maybe 15 hours a week, just like Friday, Saturday, Sunday for now. Anyway, then
Christine Campbell: You're trying to me for a shift later. So it'll
Christine Campbell: I don't know when that they'll get the 30 like 35 hours after
Christine Campbell: A while. So it's annoying. They're not getting the hours, but I really like it. And it's really close. So I want to stick it out.
Christine Campbell: Just old pizza shop and I like it. I like the people and everything.
Richelle Direny: So it's a pizza shop.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, I'm too old to work in the restaurant.
Christine Campbell: How do we want to too much stress.
Richelle Direny: When working in a restaurant.
Christine Campbell: Restaurant restaurants.
Christine Campbell: Don't have a cook. So I don't even want to go there.
Christine Campbell: You gotta like your job even a little bit, you know,
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Did you go to grow up last week birthday.
Christine Campbell: Yes, yeah.
Okay, group was was right.
Christine Campbell: Right.
Richelle Direny: How Was Your Week.
Christine Campbell: That's pretty, pretty good.
Christine Campbell: Pretty good. Yes.
Christine Campbell: Nothing to complain about
Richelle Direny: Okay, how is the homework. I know.
Richelle Direny: That you and your and your spouse.
Christine Campbell: Are there. Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Fine. Good enough.
Christine Campbell: Melatonin I know
Christine Campbell: My family doctor told me that and Natalie, but don't really see them do not need
Christine Campbell: To know what you're supposed to take
Christine Campbell: melatonin at night.
Christine Campbell: JUST TALKED TO HER TO
Richelle Direny: Mental Tony
Christine Campbell: Yeah, don't, don't see them do anything for me.
Christine Campbell: And never I tried a long time ago didn't, didn't mean any other so maybe just me. I don't
Christine Campbell: You know, don't want to ever take too much and
Christine Campbell: I just tried it, whatever. It's no big deal.
Richelle Direny: Okay, let me see. You didn't see her today.
Richelle Direny: Did you
Christine Campbell: Yeah, yeah. Because I was gonna run out of meds us as supposed to be every other week, but the way my scripts went had to be today. So now, it won't see her for two weeks.
Richelle Direny: You said you saw her today.
Christine Campbell: Yes.
Christine Campbell: Two hours ago.
Richelle Direny: Well, you say you just saw her because you ran out of medication.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Just like a brief chat, then
Christine Campbell: Yeah, very
Okay hold on one second, because I think
Richelle Direny: If you saw her today. I don't know.
Christine Campbell: They told me I just do what they told me to do.
Richelle Direny: Alright, let me
Richelle Direny: I mean I can ask them, because you're, you got to take it now.
Christine Campbell: Know what
Christine Campbell: Now, what do you think about
Richelle Direny: The medication medication that you
Christine Campbell: Know,
Christine Campbell: You said
Richelle Direny: It will tell you on the bottle often you're supposed to take it.
Christine Campbell: Take one in the morning, one at night. Oh.
Christine Campbell: Yes, that was going to run out. That's why she refilled it
Oh,
Richelle Direny: I just needed to. I need just needed to confirm before I continue with our session. I'm just, I know I had a schedule session with you. So I just wanted to know what type of session you had with her before.
Christine Campbell: So they
Christine Campbell: Just a refill.
Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: All right then. So let's go over everything that we talked about during your on
Christine Campbell: Well,
Richelle Direny: Do you see us. You see a high interest or no.
Not yet.
Richelle Direny: Are your workout.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, be lazy about it. You don't want a stroke.
Christine Campbell: And all of a sudden, just don't know.
Christine Campbell: I don't know why it's so hard for me to do sometimes.
Richelle Direny: Anxiety etc and all that difference
Christine Campbell: Is actually
Christine Campbell: Not too bad, really, is it
Christine Campbell: Okay.
Christine Campbell: To take protocol.
Christine Campbell: And just thinking about a month ago says starting to work.
Richelle Direny: And your, your family doctors, one that prescribe it to you right
Christine Campbell: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: When I would still really encourage you to see to schedule an appointment with a psychiatry.
Christine Campbell: OK, I will say, I haven't had to card out just didn't dolly yet.
Christine Campbell: Well,
Richelle Direny: And then, um,
Richelle Direny: It's it's doing that and I think once you
Richelle Direny: To turn well
Richelle Direny: We have to work through what is the anxiety or what is
Richelle Direny: Emotional upset for you to having to do
Richelle Direny: Another medication like what exactly
Is it
Christine Campbell: Awfully mother house.
Christine Campbell: I figured
Christine Campbell: Covered avoid
Richelle Direny: Now, how does he
Need
Christine Campbell: He needs one two
Characters
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Well then make an appointment for both
Christine Campbell: And we'll do it.
Christine Campbell: Be ideal.
Christine Campbell: No.
Richelle Direny: Well hey you know what if you make a start and you do what you have to do, and you see the changes, then he sees the changes, then you kind of will fall in line to the same
Richelle Direny: Do you agree.
Christine Campbell: No.
Christine Campbell: You gotta, you gotta keep it.
Richelle Direny: Together 30 something years right
Richelle Direny: And you're pretty certain that after 30 something years it's not happening.
Christine Campbell: Right.
Richelle Direny: Well, listen, at the end of the
Day.
Richelle Direny: What you have to do for yourself.
Christine Campbell: Right. Yep, absolutely.
Richelle Direny: And sold
Christine Campbell: Well, the question again. This
Richelle Direny: Is it your fear. You don't want to go because he doesn't necessarily want to go, oh,
Christine Campbell: No, no fear of it. I'm just gonna lazy.
Oh,
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Well,
Richelle Direny: Now you're now you're working, even though it's
Richelle Direny: 15 hours.
Richelle Direny: And the 15 hours are stretched out.
Or
Christine Campbell: Yeah, I do enjoy that.
Christine Campbell: Like I like getting out, um, you know, don't go anywhere. So that's one place I go
Christine Campbell: I like it.
Richelle Direny: So for the days that you don't work. You can see that up.
Christine Campbell: And running
Richelle Direny: And it's only once.
Christine Campbell: I've always been that way about all doctors are just like, and I want to go in
Christine Campbell: I was shocked. I was not in my blood work done. I was like, Oh god, it's been so many years since I did that. And I'm like, oh god, where they're going to find and she said, My Bloods and better better health than hers, really. So, that was awesome.
Christine Campbell: You know, I'm sure they're gonna find some cancer, whatever.
Christine Campbell: You know, that's, that's great. I was really surprised happily.
Richelle Direny: Well, that's good.
Christine Campbell: Take it.
Richelle Direny: Take whatever they tell you one run with it all you can do right now.
Richelle Direny: So in this time that we're meeting, I would like us to discuss like what are some things. I mean, the last time we met. It was more discussing um
Richelle Direny: You know, just kind of breaking down your history. Now it's this time is just talk about what are some things that you would like to work on. I think only thing we've had so far was just we you're going to attend group weekly group sessions.
Richelle Direny: You're going to do the individual sessions.
Richelle Direny: Where we scheduled it for every other week.
Richelle Direny: And that you will work on trying to find
A psychiatrist.
Richelle Direny: Now, in terms of for you personally your goals. What is it that you like to work through because
Your addiction.
Christine Campbell: I would like to just be more busy as think about doing anything.
Christine Campbell: I won't do nothing, literally, I'm not lying. I will lay in bed all day, every day, and I do people I think people think I'm joking. I'm not
Christine Campbell: I just don't really care about doing anything, anything that's like something I don't even care.
Christine Campbell: You know, do dishes and that because I have to.
Christine Campbell: Cook, whatever, but I don't. I want to enjoy something
Christine Campbell: Else. I'd like to enjoy something
Richelle Direny: That's very
Richelle Direny: The question that sounds like someone who has some degree of depression major depression.
Christine Campbell: And I think you talked about that.
Christine Campbell: does sound like that for sure. I know I was thinking about that as I go. I mean, I've been feeling okay but I still want to do anything.
Christine Campbell: So yeah, I guess.
Richelle Direny: Well, when you look around you.
Richelle Direny: In your current
Richelle Direny: Your life situation as it is.
Christine Campbell: What
Richelle Direny: Kind of things are all the time.
Christine Campbell: What what what
Richelle Direny: What keeps you kind of like wanting to just stay in bed, not you have no energy to do anything.
Christine Campbell: Oh well, honestly, like I wouldn't like that. I really like fix my house a little bit or something courses, money is always a problem, but it's still a couple things, whatever. But if I it all breaks down their bills.
Christine Campbell: I see no point in cleaning something that somebody else is going to dirty and I have to keep cleaning up after like their children.
Christine Campbell: So I'm going to do it. And I'm going to point to having that nice because it won't stay nice
Christine Campbell: But that's for that.
Christine Campbell: And I don't know the rest, I don't know, but definitely
Christine Campbell: There ain't no point
Richelle Direny: You've kind of found that there's not so much. It's just you, you and your husband that lives together right
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So if your husband.
Richelle Direny: And it's are you saying that it's hard for you to keep anything nice
Christine Campbell: In your house in the house. Yeah, absolutely.
Richelle Direny: Just does he
Richelle Direny: Go out and work or you
Christine Campbell: Know you know i'm not just building
Christine Campbell: Just got it like he's getting a check or not for yet still gonna
Christine Campbell: Bring a bunch of paperwork into them that's stressful.
Christine Campbell: Paperwork
Christine Campbell: He's not to do it if he did a lot of that himself most of that since I was the one that worked. They have to have all my back records and oh god.
Christine Campbell: Just a bunch of hoops to jump through
Christine Campbell: Yeah, I mean I don't want down talk when he does a lot. But no, not wrong. The house no sub destroy
Richelle Direny: O. D. Are you saying that some of your depression is because of your husband.
Christine Campbell: Some degree of humble. Oh no, that's one thing I don't know I just one day and I would like just like to enjoy something
Richelle Direny: And like, what's that we
Christine Campbell: Won't have done for years. So I don't know. I mean, I just like to paint.
Christine Campbell: It's also expensive and my is a great
Christine Campbell: Patience. I just add, I mean, I'm not. I'm anxious. I don't have the patience or to read. I can't, I can't even remember what I read.
Christine Campbell: So,
Christine Campbell: I'll read something or watch something on TV and you asked me what it was.
Christine Campbell: I know in my head. What is by can't explain it.
Christine Campbell: And I can't read. And I just can't remember.
Christine Campbell: So I don't know either now.
Christine Campbell: I don't know. I just don't
Christine Campbell: Haven't done nothing
Christine Campbell: Things seem exhausting and didn't do anything feel exhausted.
Richelle Direny: Exhausted.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, I mean I didn't do nothing. I'll feel exhausted.
Christine Campbell: Mentally, I guess, it has to be because I ain't physical
Christine Campbell: Cuz I didn't do anything.
Christine Campbell: I think that's the best way to put it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so one of your goals is to work on increasing.
Richelle Direny: Your
Christine Campbell: Enjoyment of
Richelle Direny: Having a little bit more motivation to do
Christine Campbell: Right. There you go. Yeah, that's good way to play.
Richelle Direny: You like the motivation to do things right. Don't go anywhere. You don't go to any kind of
Richelle Direny: Outside, you don't do any
Christine Campbell: No, don't do nothing.
Richelle Direny: Okay. So work on increasing your energy level to have the motivation to be motivated to do things like you used to, at one point in life, I guess, right.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Christine Campbell: I don't know if it's possible. Great.
Richelle Direny: Well, things are possible. It's just a matter of you willing to work through it or to do it.
Christine Campbell: I forced myself to enjoy it and
Richelle Direny: Have any
Family
Christine Campbell: To do something. I don't have to do
Well,
Christine Campbell: Instead of like I won't force myself to do anything. I don't have to do
Christine Campbell: I'll just say no, I can't afford I could do some to make myself do it but it won't enjoy it. You know, I just want to enjoy some
Christine Campbell: Okay, what
Richelle Direny: Is another goal could be to identify something
Richelle Direny: By the time. Our next session is identifying something that
Richelle Direny: Activities that you like.
Richelle Direny: Something that you would like to
Christine Campbell: London.
Richelle Direny: In terms of income. It's you don't have any income right it's just whatever now that
Christine Campbell: You have
Christine Campbell: Barely bringing anything. Well, I got one Chagos small
Christine Campbell: There's like $90 but my kids been helping
Richelle Direny: So do you lose you lack motivation.
Christine Campbell: You feel discouraged because
Richelle Direny: Of part of your discouragement and the AIDS in your depression is not because you don't have any income on your own.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, that's so lot
Christine Campbell: To yeah you know it takes money to walk outside, you know, just getting your cousins.
Richelle Direny: A part of your depression is that because you don't have money to do anything. You feel discouraged.
Christine Campbell: Well, yeah, yeah. You don't soon takes money do everything you know you're going somewhere you need gas you know it. Eat what money we do get we eat.
Christine Campbell: Now get food stamps believing that last week.
Richelle Direny: You said that you actually
Christine Campbell: Oh, yeah.
Christine Campbell: A week and a half tops and I still got MEET. LEFT. But that is it.
Christine Campbell: Like that forever. Ain't no big deal.
Christine Campbell: Always get by.
Richelle Direny: Because of this feeling of, you're always just getting by.
Christine Campbell: Maybe
Christine Campbell: I've always been like that. So, I mean, I never been ahead of the game.
Christine Campbell: I mean, I've been places where I was comfortable before you stop good credit and all that ruin that that would be a great thing where you know what yeah that would make me feel really good. I got my credit back on track.
Christine Campbell: And I probably could do that, you know, just by sending them 20 bucks in
Christine Campbell: Beginning that would make me feel great.
You're in a lot of dentists.
Christine Campbell: And I knew, like, you know, wasn't totally broke or whatever, you know, always had a credit card or something.
Christine Campbell: You're in a lot of debt and it's
Christine Campbell: Just credit card, not like a massive amount
Christine Campbell: Like under 10,000 so I couldn't even have to me. I've tried to get like lenders or nurse and it ain't enough debt. For me, it's not that nobody will give me any credit, but not enough to get out of it makes no sense.
Christine Campbell: Not makes no sense.
Richelle Direny: Hey, by the way of the world.
Christine Campbell: And then my husband being on the SS is like I could only work so much. I can't strive to be better because if I do, they'll take it out of his check
Christine Campbell: Think that's something stupid.
Christine Campbell: So they're holding me down to that makes no sense.
You have this feeling of
Christine Campbell: Know, I've only been so much and I can't get better.
Christine Campbell: You know, I can't ever manage that place because I'll make too much.
Richelle Direny: But what is
Christine Campbell: What are some of your
Christine Campbell: Job. It's all any means, you know, I will never be rich off it just like that. It's stupid to me.
Christine Campbell: So I don't believe over willing
Christine Campbell: To make over 1200 dollars a month, which I probably won't. So, you know, if I had the chance to have to say no because I'd be working for free, pretty much.
Christine Campbell: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Look at your financial situation.
Richelle Direny: It seems great
Richelle Direny: Because you're you're somewhat helpless.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So with your fight so you're somewhat helps us
Christine Campbell: You can
Richelle Direny: Help your son yourself.
Richelle Direny: Can't be there for your children. You have to be
Richelle Direny: somewhat dependent on your
Richelle Direny: On your
Christine Campbell: You would like to do, right.
You're doing
Richelle Direny: So the way
Christine Campbell: Her fitness checks and not you know you know work more because I just started you know like we shouldn't need their help anymore.
Christine Campbell: Which would be good because I feel bad.
Christine Campbell: But also feel grateful.
Christine Campbell: That I've kids like that.
Richelle Direny: You feel grateful that you have feedback.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, they can help and are willing to
Richelle Direny: Know,
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: The one goal that will send
Richelle Direny: You but identifying
Christine Campbell: That
Richelle Direny: You said that you like painting.
Right.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, I love it.
Christine Campbell: When things really nice things.
Christine Campbell: Then
Richelle Direny: You said you used to paint really
Christine Campbell: Nothing. Oh yeah, very nice. When I was told I could sell them, but I get
Christine Campbell: Let him go.
Christine Campbell: But I like it, I love it, love it.
Christine Campbell: Gotta move because my husband felt the need to come in the room and make some the
Christine Campbell: Anger.
Richelle Direny: Is you're not the happiest in your current relationships.
Christine Campbell: No, no, but I don't want another one that's for sure.
Christine Campbell: Never
Richelle Direny: Have you guys ever gone
Christine Campbell: Oh, no.
Richelle Direny: No.
Christine Campbell: You wouldn't agree to it.
Christine Campbell: No.
Christine Campbell: What do you do
Richelle Direny: Do you are you
Richelle Direny: Are you or his
Part of any organization.
Christine Campbell: No.
Richelle Direny: Tell me a little bit about
Richelle Direny: Tell me about Christine
Richelle Direny: Before
Richelle Direny: You before
Richelle Direny: Tell me a little bit about yourself.
Richelle Direny: Where you are right now in terms of
Christine Campbell: feeling depressed,
Christine Campbell: feeling quite was
Richelle Direny: Not able to
Christine Campbell: Support yourself or
Richelle Direny: Any kind of worried you want
Christine Campbell: I think, actually, and I think about it. Probably a lot does have to do with money, because I know when I was secure with money.
Christine Campbell: You know,
Christine Campbell: I just felt better.
Christine Campbell: More, More free to do whatever you know do whatever I wanted.
Christine Campbell: Not whatever I wanted. They
Christine Campbell: Don't let anybody hold me back from something I wanted to do.
Christine Campbell: Happiness.
Christine Campbell: Like a meat.
Richelle Direny: So having limited income makes you feel
Richelle Direny: Like you feel
Christine Campbell: Like you're not able to do anything.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, well, yeah, and
Christine Campbell: I don't have a car.
Christine Campbell: You know,
Christine Campbell: I go on need for sure is get my license back and just got suspended for driving without insurance and then it was under suspension it
Christine Campbell: Add a renewal, which I couldn't. So now I gotta take those stupid test again.
Christine Campbell: I still drive, though I drove for years without a license.
Christine Campbell: Often on many years 1.11 stroke 10 years without one.
Christine Campbell: But I mean, it's never a good thing to do. Don't go over and go the grocery store, whatever. And that's it. You know, don't go enjoy riding or nothing like that. But it's not a good idea.
Christine Campbell: Because when you do get conscious ends up being a ton of money.
Christine Campbell: But yeah I that I definitely plan on doing that soon.
Christine Campbell: Just
Nice.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And it's fine to work on trying to
Get back your license.
Richelle Direny: That, like you said,
Richelle Direny: Comes with money all
Richelle Direny: With the job that you have, are you able to increase
Richelle Direny: The amount of power.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, will soon as
Christine Campbell: I'm done training, which I know how they should give me more hours training.
Christine Campbell: You know, it's kind of backwards to me.
Christine Campbell: Because they're training me to be the shift manager or something like that, some kind of leader, whatever, which needs 35 hours a week or more. And the ones that do work there. Get that and they get more than that, actually.
Christine Campbell: Better understand why you know there are 12 and 15 years like
Christine Campbell: Any other time, I would say, forget it. You know, but
Christine Campbell: I like it. And it's so close. I'm just going to stick with it. And the fact that I can't make too much anyway. So just stay there anyway. See what happens. They all said, for sure. I'll get more hours.
Christine Campbell: That they wanted me to take it out or take this
Christine Campbell: Like it's testing online, you know, then when we do it at home. All right, no complaints me for that.
Christine Campbell: Because it's against the law. Number one,
Christine Campbell: You know the labor was, whatever. Yeah, told him that so
Christine Campbell: I started taking it at work.
Christine Campbell: It's going to like two hours on this and there were guys gonna be doing that for nothing. Our mind, we may only get 12 hours week. No.
Christine Campbell: feelings on that everybody else that are like Lego. Yeah, you got to get paid for that.
Christine Campbell: That's wrong.
Christine Campbell: So don't think they realize they do now.
Christine Campbell: I lightened them.
Christine Campbell: What do that.
Richelle Direny: At your current job right now. Right.
Christine Campbell: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: So it's speaking to them at. Now, how long is the
Christine Campbell: Training going to be for
Christine Campbell: A month
Christine Campbell: So I really got like a week, two weeks left
Christine Campbell: Of 12 hours a week.
Christine Campbell: It's easy. I'll, I'll be fine.
Christine Campbell: And when you end when my
Christine Campbell: Confidence that I will have hours I'm, you know, if not well then I'll just go somewhere else, whatever, but
Christine Campbell: They told me so. And I believe it.
Christine Campbell: 30 3035
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: The one that
Christine Campbell: affects your husband's Social Security. Yes.
As long as it's not
Christine Campbell: Right. Yeah. It'll be fine.
Richelle Direny: Okay, now. Um, well.
Richelle Direny: You're working on increasing.
Richelle Direny: Are getting to that place.
Christine Campbell: Where you're working enough hours to
Get some type of incomes.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So do you think that having now.
If you haven't
Richelle Direny: Will
Decrease or
Christine Campbell: Depression. Yeah, probably. Yeah, because I like i said i look back when I was doing really well financially.
Christine Campbell: And I felt a lot better for sure.
Richelle Direny: You felt a whole lot
Better
Christine Campbell: Yeah, getting filled depending on anybody but myself, you know, pretty much always was depend on myself just
Christine Campbell: That last
Christine Campbell: Five.
Christine Campbell: Years.
Christine Campbell: I'm just at the bottom, depending on everybody, you know,
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: Does your husband some
Christine Campbell: a stressful situation given
Christine Campbell: That you're not bringing in
Christine Campbell: He really helped a lot. I mean a lot. You know who does does what every camp.
Christine Campbell: And he's been doing really well really now.
Christine Campbell: I gotta give them that.
Christine Campbell: The food on the table gets paid you know can't really ask for much more
Christine Campbell: Basically your receipt
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: You're feeling it's more soul.
Christine Campbell: Your own
Richelle Direny: Cognition, in terms of
Christine Campbell: Like feeling like you're not
Richelle Direny: Dependent on him.
Christine Campbell: You're not free.
Christine Campbell: Right, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So, I mean, it sounds like you're
Christine Campbell: Also on the right path in terms of
Richelle Direny: Your work and
Richelle Direny: Doing what you're doing. But I think it's your
Richelle Direny: Lot of it is
Learning
Richelle Direny: Not so much learning, but
Richelle Direny: It's looking at it from a
Stamp
Richelle Direny: You are where you are.
Christine Campbell: For us.
Richelle Direny: Young to get here.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, they'll never get it will go to the lifeboat arms and legs cut off.
Richelle Direny: You're not eligible for Social
Christine Campbell: Security for no. Oh, no, no. Yeah, not 10 years
Christine Campbell: Yeah, for another 10 years when you're eligible for it.
Richelle Direny: I have you always been one that was always active and
Christine Campbell: Always in the community, but it always works.
Richelle Direny: Well, meaning well
Richelle Direny: You've always been at the house.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Well, how long have you
Richelle Direny: How long have you been
Christine Campbell: Two years.
Christine Campbell: Well, one maybe one, but it seems like two or three one.
Richelle Direny: You've been home for about a
Richelle Direny: Year not working.
Richelle Direny: So,
Christine Campbell: I really started
Richelle Direny: About a year ago.
Christine Campbell: I've had jobs or just lost a really quick because
Christine Campbell: dependency on things.
Richelle Direny: Well,
Richelle Direny: To think about because of your dependency or your means to cope
Richelle Direny: With
Richelle Direny: Your financial
Richelle Direny: Pressures and kind of your
Christine Campbell: Limitations.
Richelle Direny: You've kind of lost some amount of money on your dependency.
Christine Campbell: Oh yeah a lot
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: So part of that.
Richelle Direny: Is going to help some of
Richelle Direny: Your ability to
Richelle Direny: I think is
Christine Campbell: Your psychiatrists
Because with your psychiatry.
Christine Campbell: Help them and
Christine Campbell: Said,
Richelle Direny: That you've had job.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, and that's only show stopping me within a year, I've never used to lose jobs.
Christine Campbell: You know I'm stay with them for at least five years, you know,
Richelle Direny: And that's
Christine Campbell: Because of your dependency. When you love her. Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Definitely yes it was because of
Richelle Direny: Cravings now.
Christine Campbell: Not much. Not really.
Richelle Direny: What's not really
Christine Campbell: Just on
Christine Campbell: Not strong
Christine Campbell: I know I need something, you know, I know that.
Christine Campbell: I do feel that way sometimes even with this marks and sometimes when I get upset. He's going to reach for something, you know, there's
Christine Campbell: Nothing to reach for
Christine Campbell: That is a habit. I've had all my life.
Christine Campbell: I get over over it.
Christine Campbell: Oh my battery's running out.
Richelle Direny: Are you there. I'm here.
Christine Campbell: Okay, I'm in the red
Richelle Direny: What percentage is your phone.
Christine Campbell: It's in the red. I don't know where it says that
Christine Campbell: I go, plug it in. But, you know,
Christine Campbell: We can do that.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Well done anyway.
Richelle Direny: No.
No.
Christine Campbell: No, I can't hear you.
Christine Campbell: Breaking up
Christine Campbell: I said,
Christine Campbell: Do you have
health related
Christine Campbell: Oh, no, no. Miles, pretty good.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Oh, that's right.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so
Richelle Direny: In terms
Richelle Direny: Of
The work.
Hours, is that right
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Yeah. What did week. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Was that give you a little bit more of more motivation and I
Christine Campbell: Think a lot of it is
Richelle Direny: For lack of motivation. It's
Richelle Direny: Not everything based on what you've said, not everything will be associated with money like even when you said like just starting in their house. Sometimes
Christine Campbell: When you look at
Christine Campbell: Things or do things.
Richelle Direny: That doesn't require money that just
Richelle Direny: Retired your
Christine Campbell: Willingness to
Richelle Direny: Do the things around the
House.
Richelle Direny: I think
Christine Campbell: Based on what your car.
Christine Campbell: You're not working.
Richelle Direny: Don't have any money. You have no motivation.
Christine Campbell: Around the house just doing your homework.
Richelle Direny: It's just
Richelle Direny: You being
Christine Campbell: You know you
Richelle Direny: Are just sinking.
Richelle Direny: Your interest because you associate
Everything.
Richelle Direny: Can be smart. There's no monetary
Compensation
Christine Campbell: due
To
Richelle Direny: Lack energy and
Richelle Direny: Money doesn't
Richelle Direny: Doesn't necessarily give you
Richelle Direny: Strength to do things in
Richelle Direny: Your house. I mean, yeah, it
Christine Campbell: Would
Richelle Direny: You would need
Christine Campbell: Money, if you did it.
Christine Campbell: Yeah yeah
Christine Campbell: So I think it's
Christine Campbell: You know, if you start working on
It.
Christine Campbell: So,
Richelle Direny: That work is
Christine Campbell: Not lacking that motivation for
Christine Campbell: Sleep.
Richelle Direny: Next thing.
Richelle Direny: We when you're at work.
Because on that.
Christine Campbell: Where you just own
Richelle Direny: When you're you're you're
Richelle Direny: Black
Christine Campbell: Inner
Christine Campbell: You have no motivation.
Richelle Direny: To go to work.
Christine Campbell: That doesn't get
Richelle Direny: Your energy back
Christine Campbell: Yes, because you're going to get
Christine Campbell: The same same
Richelle Direny: Limitations are so anything
Until you work.
Richelle Direny: You have to come to that part honestly
Richelle Direny: Makes it
Christine Campbell: Makes you feel
Richelle Direny: Really tight. What else is getting
Christine Campbell: Keeping you to press
Christine Campbell: Is it the
Christine Campbell: Maybe your children, nothing.
Richelle Direny: Are your children. Not really.
Christine Campbell: Supposed to
Richelle Direny: Look like are they not
Richelle Direny: Involve the way you
Christine Campbell: Know,
Christine Campbell: They're fun
Christine Campbell: Anyway, anywhere.
Christine Campbell: Not only to know about me.
Christine Campbell: Telling my kids know about me to it'll stay
Christine Campbell: Hopefully,
Richelle Direny: You're giving your two kids in
Richelle Direny: Your stepdaughter, when you say know about you, what do you
Mean
Christine Campbell: That I'm not it.
Christine Campbell: What do you mean, if you get your
Christine Campbell: Order in somebody else.
Christine Campbell: That's actually makes five
Christine Campbell: What she knows
Christine Campbell: Three now.
Richelle Direny: There you go, and
Christine Campbell: With
Richelle Direny: Them knowing
About you. Are they supportive
Christine Campbell: Oh yeah, they're
Richelle Direny: Very supportive of you on your
Journey.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, I'm not proud of them.
Okay.
Christine Campbell: At least you have strengthened.
Christine Campbell: Right, yeah.
Christine Campbell: I would definitely also encourage
You looking into
Christine Campbell: Any
Christine Campbell: Yeah I did for a little bit ly enjoyed it.
Christine Campbell: Sorry.
Richelle Direny: I would definitely
Christine Campbell: Be about it.
Christine Campbell: That's what I enjoy it was okay, something to do, you know, it's all right. And I just stop going
Christine Campbell: Oh, maybe you want what
Does your
Your, your step.
Christine Campbell: No, no me my husband went
Richelle Direny: OK.
Richelle Direny: So maybe looking
Christine Campbell: Into
Christine Campbell: Going back to
Christine Campbell: Outside
I think it will be helpful.
Richelle Direny: For you just
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: hear other people's
Stories hear your story.
Richelle Direny: Think outside
Of
Christine Campbell: The last laugh when I think about it.
Christine Campbell: Story was funny, said one one story about told was funny. I just laughed when even think about it.
Christine Campbell: It's funny.
Christine Campbell: That stores.
Christine Campbell: It's something funny.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, right. You're right. That's kind of you know why it's the ones I did like it though did
Richelle Direny: I know that I meet with you.
Christine Campbell: For group.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Christine Campbell: You
Christine Campbell: Know, see you every week. I mean other than group.
Richelle Direny: Every other week or
Christine Campbell: Every other week, every other week.
Christine Campbell: Okay.
Christine Campbell: getting confused.
Christine Campbell: Okay, so you're not only every other week and group is every week.
Richelle Direny: No know you
Christine Campbell: You'd be
Richelle Direny: Nice to individual
Richelle Direny: Every other week.
Richelle Direny: You meet with Natalie every
Richelle Direny: You do groups every week.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, right. Okay. Yes.
Christine Campbell: Another group. Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Dr.
Christine Campbell: See her every other week, other than first day.
Christine Campbell: I know what I mean.
Christine Campbell: You still there. Yeah.
I'm here. When do you meet
Richelle Direny: You meet with Natalie, I'm
Christine Campbell: Every I just saw two weeks from now Monday.
Richelle Direny: Evenings
Christine Campbell: On Monday.
Christine Campbell: Just any any evening.
Christine Campbell: In the evening.
Christine Campbell: Not went out to work.
Richelle Direny: Huh.
What did nice
Christine Campbell: So far just sometimes Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Richelle Direny: All right, then let's do this let's
Richelle Direny: Do Wednesday.
Richelle Direny: So forth.
Richelle Direny: At 12
Christine Campbell: Okay.
Christine Campbell: Alright that's free
Christine Campbell: Therapy.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Okay.
Christine Campbell: I'll read this down, but I know I still need them reminders.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: I know you said that in two weeks. When you start your regular job.
I mean,
Christine Campbell: You know, like
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
All right.
Christine Campbell: Okay. All right. Thank you.